Website: Updates `Hds::Table` component documentation (#1198)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/components/table/partials/code/component-api.md

## Component API

> The Table component itself is where most of the options will be applied. However, the API for the child components are also documented here, in case a custom implementation is desired.

Reviewer: Change to either:
"API for the child components are" => "API for the child components is"
-OR-
"API for the child components are" => "APIs for the child components are"

### Table

<Doc::ComponentApi as |C|>
  <C.Property @name="<:head>" @type="named block">

>     This is a named block where the content for the table head (`<thead>`) is rendered. It is unlikely that most consumers will need to use this named block directly for most use cases.

Reviewer: This is a bit wordy: "It is unlikely that most consumers will need to use this named block directly for most use cases."

How about something more like:
"Most consumers are unlikely to need to use this named block directly."
-OR-
"For the majority of use cases, this name block is not required."

>     This is a named block where the content for the table head (`<thead>`) is rendered. It is unlikely that most consumers will need to use this named block directly for most use cases.

Author: ```suggestion
    This is a named block where the content for the table head (`<thead>`) is rendered. Note: most consumers are unlikely to need to use this named block directly.
```

  </C.Property>
  <C.Property @name="<:body>" @type="named block">
    This is a named block where the content for the table body (`<tbody>`) is rendered.
  </C.Property>
  <C.Property @name="model" @type="array">
    Indicates the data model to be used by the table.
  </C.Property>
  <C.Property @name="columns" @type="array">

>   Use a `hash` within the array to define each column.

Author: Part 1: I agree and will update the definition of the columns
Part 2: Since we've already used array hashes in other components, I will not include additional (and, tbh, non-essential) information here.

>   Use a `hash` within the array to define each column.

Reviewer 2: regarding the use of `hash` as a way to explain what consumers should do: in this implementation, where is the `hash`? https://github.com/hashicorp/cloud-ui/blob/main/engines/consul/addon/components/cluster-peering/peers-table/index.hbs

Not every consumer will use an inline `hash` helper in the handlebars template, so we have to write our documentation accordingly, to take in account these two different ways of providing the `@columns` argument:
- `hash` helper in the template 
- object computed in the backing class

>   Use a `hash` within the array to define each column.

Author: We've taken really clear documentation and slowly mutated it to be very confusing. 

There are no clear lines between two very distinct approaches: 

1. What someone needs to understand in order to use the table the way we designed it to be used
2. All of the other things that will be useful if they are one of the edge cases that builds their own table from our component. 

My concern is that we have increased the risk of making all of this really confusing, when all I set out to do was correct outdated documentation. 

I also don't think I know _where_ exactly it started going off the rails, so I don't know how to get us back to something simpler and redirect future work to JIRA tickets. 

WDYT?

>     <Doc::ComponentApi as |D|>

Reviewer 2: Note: the `width` property is missing from this list

Author: Added

      <D.Property @name="key" @type="string">

>       The column’s key; required if the column is sortable.

Author: ```suggestion
      The column’s key (one of the keys in the model's records); required if the column is sortable.
```

      </D.Property>

>       <D.Property @name="label" @type="string" @required="true">

Author: Changed.

>       The column’s label; supports internationalization.

Reviewer 2: Plus, is already explained in the "how to" with an example.

      </D.Property>
      <D.Property @name="isSortable" @type="boolean" @values={{array "false" "true" }} @default="false">
      If set to `true`, indicates that a column should be sortable.
      </D.Property>
      <D.Property @name="sortingFunction" @type="function">
      Callback function to provide support for a custom callback.
      </D.Property>
      <D.Property @name="align" @type="enum" @values={{array "left" "center" "right" }} @default="left">

>         If set, determines the text alignment for the column.

Reviewer 2: This reminds me that we should explain somewhere (probably in the "how to use") that the alignment in the cells works only for the text; if there are other elements (eg. icons with text, or buttons, etc) they need to use alternative methods (eg a flexbox container)

Notice: in a separate task/ticket, not here.

      </D.Property>
    </Doc::ComponentApi>
  </C.Property>
  <C.Property @name="sortBy" @type="string">
    If defined, the value should be set to the key of the column that should be pre-sorted when the table is rendered.
  </C.Property>
  <C.Property @name="sortOrder" @type="string" @values={{array "asc" "desc" }} @default="asc">
    Use in conjunction with `sortBy`. If defined, indicates which direction the column should be pre-sorted in. If not defined, `asc` is applied by default.
  </C.Property>
  <C.Property @name="isStriped" @type="boolean" @values={{array "false" "true" }} @default="false">
    Define on the table invocation. If set to `true`, row striping ("zebra striping") will be applied to the table.
  </C.Property>
  <C.Property @name="isFixedLayout" @type="boolean" @values={{array "false" "true" }} @default="false">

>     If set to `true`, the `table-display`(CSS) property will be set to `fixed` (see https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/table-layout for more details).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If set to `true`, the `table-display`(CSS) property will be set to `fixed`. (See https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/table-layout for more details.)
```

>     If set to `true`, the `table-display`(CSS) property will be set to `fixed`. (See https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/table-layout for more details.)

Reviewer 2: This is not rendered as link, please use standard markdown syntax for links.

>     If set to `true`, the `table-display`(CSS) property will be set to `fixed`, automatically distributing columns based on the total width of the table per the browser algorithm.

Author: ```suggestion
    If set to `true`, the `table-display`(CSS) property will be set to `fixed` (see https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/table-layout for more details).
```

>     If set to `true`, the `table-display`(CSS) property will be set to `fixed`, automatically distributing columns based on the total width of the table per the browser algorithm.

Reviewer: Suggestion: I would simplify this wording and link to the MDN docs for more details.

=> "If set to `true`, the `table-display`(CSS) property will be set to `fixed`."

I would either link part of the above sentence to https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/table-layout or else include the link in parenthesis after the sentence.

## Component API

The Table component itself is where most of the options will be applied. However, the API for the child components are also documented here, in case a custom implementation is desired.

### Table

<Doc::ComponentApi as |C|>
  <C.Property @name="<:head>" @type="named block">
    This is a named block where the content for the table head (`<thead>`) is rendered. It is unlikely that most consumers will need to use this named block directly for most use cases.
  </C.Property>
  <C.Property @name="<:body>" @type="named block">
    This is a named block where the content for the table body (`<tbody>`) is rendered.
  </C.Property>
  <C.Property @name="model" @type="array">
    Indicates the data model to be used by the table.
  </C.Property>
  <C.Property @name="columns" @type="array">

>   Use a `hash` within the array to define each column. `Key` and `label` values are both required. Add `isSortable` if you would like the column to be sortable.

Reviewer 2: Technically is not correct that the `key` (lowercase) is required: it is only if one needs a sortable table, but if the table is static using just  the `label` will work.

Author: ok, added clarification

  </C.Property>
  <C.Property @name="sortBy" @type="string">
    If defined, the value should be set to the key of the column that should be pre-sorted when the table is rendered.
  </C.Property>
  <C.Property @name="sortOrder" @type="string" @values={{array "asc" "desc" }} @default="asc">
    Use in conjunction with `sortBy`. If defined, indicates which direction the column should be pre-sorted in. If not defined, `asc` is applied by default.
  </C.Property>
  <C.Property @name="isStriped" @type="boolean" @values={{array "false" "true" }} @default="false">
    Define on the table invocation. If set to `true`, row striping ("zebra striping") will be applied to the table.
  </C.Property>
  <C.Property @name="isFixedLayout" @type="boolean" @values={{array "false" "true" }} @default="false">

>     If set to `true`, the `table-display`(CSS) property will be set to `fixed`, which will automatically distribute columns equally based on the total width of the table.

Reviewer 2: I just noticed this, while reading, and I don't think is correct: the columns are not always equally distributed, it depends if some of them have a width applied (in which case the width is attempted to be preserved)

https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/table-layout#values
`fixed` - Table and column widths are set by the widths of table and col elements or by the width of the first row of cells.

Author: It was the easiest/most terse way to explain it. But I can add info about the browser's algorithm if you really think it would be useful.

  </C.Property>
  <C.Property @name="density" @type="enum" @values={{array "short" "medium" "tall" }} @default="medium">
    If set, determines the density, or height, of the table’s rows.
  </C.Property>
  <C.Property @name="align" @type="enum" @values={{array "left" "center" "right" }} @default="left">

>     If set, determines the text alignment for all cell (`td`) content in a table.

Reviewer 2: should we also specify that doesn't apply to table headers as the one below?

(in the table body the `align=@align` is not declared on the `Th`, don't know it it's intentional or if it's a slip and should be there)

Author: After thinking about this, I think it's different depending on how you use it, I guess. When you are invoking it in a table context, it's setting it for the table. So I don't think we need to say more than that.

Author: re: `align` it's kind of strange because the showcase is correct: 

![CleanShot 2023-02-23 at 10 03 25](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4587451/220962844-ea6f4497-257c-4615-a727-cbe4207cd2e4.png)

I guess I need to figure out how it's getting that if it wasn't added to the component properly?

  </C.Property>
  <C.Property @name="valign" @type="enum" @values={{array "top" "middle" }} @default="top">
    If set, determines the vertical alignment for all cell (`td`) content in a table. Does not apply to table headers (`th`).
  </C.Property>
  <C.Property @name="caption" @type="string">
    Adds a (non-visible) caption for users with assistive technology. If set on a sortable table, the provided table caption is paired with the automatically generated sorted message text. Note: it is best practice to provide a table caption for users with assistive technology.
  </C.Property>
  <C.Property @name="...attributes">
    Supported for the `Hds::Table` component.
  </C.Property>
  <C.Property @name="onSort" @type="function">

>     Automatically applied to sortable table headers, `onSort` is the callback function that is invoked when one of the sortable table headers is clicked (or has a keyboard interaction performed). The function receives the values of `sortBy` and `sortOrder` as arguments.

Reviewer 2: As reader, I would not be sure what "Automatically applied to sortable table headers" exactly means.

```suggestion
    Callback function that is invoked when one of the sortable table headers is clicked (or has a keyboard interaction performed). The function receives the values of `sortBy` and `sortOrder` as arguments.
```

  </C.Property>
</Doc::ComponentApi>

### Table::Tr

> The `Hds::Table::Tr` component is a template-only component.
> 

Reviewer 2: This is internal behaviour, is not relevant for consumers.

```suggestion
```

Reviewer 2: How is this relevant for the consumers? can you explain please?

This component is not eligible to receive interactions (e.g., it cannot have an `onClick` event handler attached directly to it). Instead, an interactive element should be placed _inside_ of a `th` or `td` element.

It can contain `Hds::Table::Th` or `Hds::Table::Td` components.

<Doc::ComponentApi as |C|>
    <C.Property @name="...attributes">
    This component supports the use of `...attributes`.
  </C.Property>
</Doc::ComponentApi>

### Table::Th

> This component is not eligible to receive interactions (e.g., it cannot have an `onClick` event handler attached directly to it). Instead, an interactive element should be placed _inside_ of a `th` or `td` element.

Reviewer 2: Is this paragraph correct? I suspect is a copy of the previous block.

Author: It's correct and it is also a copy/paste. 👍

Reviewer 2: The section is referring to the `Th` element, but the text says:

> an interactive element should be placed _inside_ of a `th` or `td` element.

Isn't it confusing? (it is for me, when I read it)

Author: Yes it's correct.

Reviewer 2: Since it's referring to the `Table::Th` the text 

> an interactive element should be placed _inside_ of a `th` or `td` element.

sounds strange to me. I would do something like this: 

> an interactive element should be placed _inside_ the `Th` element

(and the same for the others, when it's a `Td` I would say that the interactive element should be inside the `Th`, etc)

If a `th` is passed as the first "cell" of a table body row, it has `scope="row"` automatically applied to it for accessibility purposes.

> <Doc::ComponentApi as |C|>

Reviewer 2: These arguments are missing:
- `@width`
- `@scope`

Author: They should not be using scope at all, that's why it's not there. I'll add width.

Reviewer 2: > They should not be using scope at all

When they build a table by themselves, just using the building blocks, are they not expected to use the `@scope` for the `Th`? If they are, then we should expose the argument and explain how/when to use it. This is more in line with our principle _"Guidance over control"_.

Author: Sorry, what I'm saying is, we automatically apply it in the appropriate way. If the `Th` element is inside of the `tbody`, we add `scope="row"`, since that's the only possible combination where this application would be correct. That way, the accessibility is built-in and the consumer doesn't have to worry about that detail.

Author: Also, I can add it to the documentation, it seemed like we haven't been adding things that are either private or things the consumer doesn't have to worry about. So I could go either way, WDYT?

Reviewer 2: It's a remote case, but if consumers do something like this:
```
<Hds::Table>
  ...
  <:body>
    <Hds::Table::Tr>
      <Hds::Table::Th>...</Hds::Table::Th>
      <Hds::Table::Td>...</Hds::Table::Td>
      <Hds::Table::Td>...</Hds::Table::Td>
    </Hds::Table::Tr>
  </:body>
</Hds::Table>
```
It will not be applied. So in that sense, we should be thorough and document it (with a note that if they use contextual subcomponents, it will be applied for them automatically)

But if you think is too much, no big deal, we can leave this specific prop out.

Author: oh, good callout. I think I should add it then, since a lot of these sort of fall in this same category (e.g., if you use a custom invocation then you'll have to define a lot of things yourself) 👍

  <C.Property @name="align" @type="enum" @values={{array "left" "center" "right" }} @default="left">
    If set, determines the text alignment.
  </C.Property>
  <C.Property @name="...attributes">
    This component supports the use of `...attributes`.
  </C.Property>
</Doc::ComponentApi>

### Table::ThSort

> This component is not eligible to receive interactions (e.g., it cannot have an `onClick` event handler attached directly to it). Instead, an interactive element should be placed _inside_ of a `th` or `td` element.

Reviewer 2: Same as above, not sure this paragraph is correct.

> This is the component that supports the column sorting.

Reviewer 2: Maybe we should explain that should be used in place of the `Th` one when sorting is needed?

Author: sure.

> <Doc::ComponentApi as |C|>

Reviewer 2: These arguments are missing:
- `@isSorted`
- `@sortOrder`
- `@align`
- `@width`

  <C.Property @name="onClick" @type="function">
    The action handler; sets the sort to the column key.
  </C.Property>
  <C.Property @name="...attributes">
    This component supports the use of `...attributes`.
  </C.Property>
</Doc::ComponentApi>

### Table::Td

> This component is not eligible to receive interactions (e.g., it cannot have an `onClick` event handler attached directly to it). Instead, an interactive element should be placed _inside_ of a `th` or `td` element.

Reviewer 2: Same as above.

If a `th` is passed as the first "cell" of a table body row, it has `scope="row"` automatically applied to it for accessibility purposes.

<Doc::ComponentApi as |C|>
  <C.Property @name="align" @type="enum" @values={{array "left" "center" "right" }} @default="left">
    If set, determines the text alignment.
  </C.Property>
  <C.Property @name="width" @type="string" @valueNote="Any valid CSS" @default="left">
    If set, determines the column width.
  </C.Property>
  <C.Property @name="...attributes">
    This component supports the use of `...attributes`.
  </C.Property>
</Doc::ComponentApi>

### Table::ThSort

This component is not eligible to receive interactions (e.g., it cannot have an `onClick` event handler attached directly to it). Instead, an interactive element should be placed _inside_ of a `th` or `td` element.

This is the component that supports the column sorting, and should be used instead of `Hds::Table::Th` if creating a custom implementation.

<Doc::ComponentApi as |C|>

>   <C.Property @name="onClick" @type="function">

Reviewer 2: We tend to have `onSomething` events after the other normal arguments (with `...attributes` last)

Author: Changed it! 👍

  </C.Property>
  <C.Property @name="model" @type="array">
    The data model to be used by the table.
  </C.Property>
  <C.Property @name="columns" @type="array">
    Array `hash` that defines each column with key-value properties that describe each column. Options:
    <Doc::ComponentApi as |D|>
      <D.Property @name="label" @type="string" @required="true">
      The column’s label.
      </D.Property>
      <D.Property @name="key" @type="string">
      The column’s key (one of the keys in the model's records); required if the column is sortable.
      </D.Property>
      <D.Property @name="isSortable" @type="boolean" @values={{array "false" "true" }} @default="false">
        If set to `true`, indicates that a column should be sortable.
      </D.Property>
      <D.Property @name="align" @type="enum" @values={{array "left" "center" "right" }} @default="left">
        If set, determines the text alignment for the column.
      </D.Property>
      <D.Property @name="width" @type="string" @valueNote="Any valid CSS">
        If set, determines the column’s width.
      </D.Property>
      <D.Property @name="sortingFunction" @type="function">

>         Callback function to provide support for a custom callback.

Author: ```suggestion
        Callback function to provide support for custom sorting logic. It should implement a typical bubble-sorting algorithm using two elements and comparing them. For more details, see the example of custom sorting in the How To Use section.
```

  </C.Property>
  <C.Property @name="isFixedLayout" @type="boolean" @values={{array "false" "true" }} @default="false">
    If set to `true`, the `table-display`(CSS) property will be set to `fixed`. (See [https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/table-layout](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/table-layout) for more details.)
  </C.Property>
  <C.Property @name="density" @type="enum" @values={{array "short" "medium" "tall" }} @default="medium">
    If set, determines the density (height) of the table’s rows.
  </C.Property>
  <C.Property @name="valign" @type="enum" @values={{array "top" "middle" }} @default="top">
    If set, determines the vertical alignment for all cell (`td`) content in a table. Does not apply to table headers (`th`).
  </C.Property>
  <C.Property @name="caption" @type="string">
    Adds a (non-visible) caption for users with assistive technology. If set on a sortable table, the provided table caption is paired with the automatically generated sorted message text. Note: it is best practice to provide a table caption for users with assistive technology.
  </C.Property>
  <C.Property @name="identityKey" @type="string" @default="@identity">

>     Option to pass a custom key; Ember’s default value is used if not defined.

Author: I took that part out entirely, see if you prefer the truncated version.

  </C.Property>
  <C.Property @name="sortedMessageText" @type="string">

>     Empty string on un-sorted column; once a sort is applied, the default message is “Sorted by (column label), (asc/desc)ing”. This is also customizable.

Author: I've re-worked this section a bit.

  </C.Property>
  <C.Property @name="width" @type="string" @valueNote="Any valid CSS">
    If set, determines the column’s width.
  </C.Property>
  <C.Property @name="...attributes">
    This component supports use of [`...attributes`](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/in-depth-topics/patterns-for-components/#toc_attribute-ordering).
  </C.Property>
</Doc::ComponentApi>

### Table::ThSort

Note: This component is not eligible to receive interactions (e.g., it cannot have an `onClick` event handler attached directly to it). Instead, an interactive element should be placed _inside_ of the `ThSort` element.

This is the component that supports column sorting; use instead of `Hds::Table::Th` if creating a custom table implementation.

<Doc::ComponentApi as |C|>
  <C.Property @name="isSorted" @type="boolean" @values={{array "false" "true" }} @default="false">
    Indicates if a column is sorted.
  </C.Property>
  <C.Property @name="sortBy" type="string" @value="column key">
    Use to indicate which column should be pre-sorted.
  </C.Property>

>   <C.Property @name="sortOrder" @type="string" @values={{array "asc" "desc" }} @default="asc">
>     Use in conjunction with `sortBy`. If defined, indicates which direction the column should be pre-sorted in. If not defined, `asc` is applied by default.
>   </C.Property>

Author: ```suggestion
  <C.Property @name="sortOrder" @type="string" @values={{array "asc" "desc" }}>
    If defined, indicates which direction the column should be sorted. Controls the sort icon indicator and the `aria-sort` value.
  </C.Property>
```

    If set, determines the vertical alignment for all cell (`td`) content in a table. Does not apply to table headers (`th`).
  </C.Property>
  <C.Property @name="caption" @type="string">
    Adds a (non-visible) caption for users with assistive technology. If set on a sortable table, the provided table caption is paired with the automatically generated sorted message text. Note: it is best practice to provide a table caption for users with assistive technology.
  </C.Property>
  <C.Property @name="...attributes">

>     Supported for the `Hds::Table` component.

Reviewer 2: Let's use the standard phrase:
```suggestion
    This component supports use of [`...attributes`](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/in-depth-topics/patterns-for-components/#toc_attribute-ordering).
```

Reviewer 2: (check also other occurrences in the page)

  </C.Property>
  <C.Property @name="onSort" @type="function">
    Callback function that is invoked when one of the sortable table headers is clicked (or has a keyboard interaction performed). The function receives the values of `sortBy` and `sortOrder` as arguments.
  </C.Property>

> </Doc::ComponentApi>

Reviewer 2: Note: these arguments are missing:
- `identityKey`
- `sortedMessageText`

Author: Added.

### Table::Tr

> This component is not eligible to receive interactions (e.g., it cannot have an `onClick` event handler attached directly to it). Instead, an interactive element should be placed _inside_ of the `Th`, `ThSort`, or `Td` elements.

Reviewer 2: I am still not convinced of these phrase here (and also in the other sub-components below).
This content is the "Component API" while what we're describing here is "how to use" it, which is different. 
Maybe should go under the "how to use" block, or in the accessibility section?

Author: I'll double check this.

It can contain `Hds::Table::Th`, `Hds::Table::ThSort`, or `Hds::Table::Td` components.

<Doc::ComponentApi as |C|>
    <C.Property @name="...attributes">
    This component supports the use of `...attributes`.
  </C.Property>
</Doc::ComponentApi>

### Table::Th

This component is not eligible to receive interactions (e.g., it cannot have an `onClick` event handler attached directly to it). Instead, an interactive element should be placed _inside_ of the `Th` element.

> If the `Th` component is passed as the first "cell" of a table body row, it has `scope="row"` automatically applied to it for accessibility purposes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `Th` component is passed as the first "cell" of a table body row, `scope="row"` is automatically applied for accessibility purposes.
```

<Doc::ComponentApi as |C|>
  <C.Property @name="align" @type="enum" @values={{array "left" "center" "right" }} @default="left">
    If set, determines the text alignment.
  </C.Property>
  <C.Property @name="scope" @type="string" @values={{array "col" "row" }} @default="col">

>     If used as the first item in a table body's row, `scope` should be set to `row` for accessibility purposes. Note: you only need to manually set this if you're creating a custom table using the child components, instead of the standard invocation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If used as the first item in a table body’s row, `scope` should be set to `row` for accessibility purposes. Note: you only need to manually set this if you’re creating a custom table using the child components, instead of the standard invocation.
```

  </C.Property>

>   <C.Property @name="width" @type="string" @valueNote="Any valid CSS" @default="left">

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  <C.Property @name="width" @type="string" @valueNote="Any valid CSS">
```

    If set, determines the column’s width.
  </C.Property>
  <C.Property @name="...attributes">
    This component supports the use of `...attributes`.
  </C.Property>
</Doc::ComponentApi>

### Table::ThSort

This component is not eligible to receive interactions (e.g., it cannot have an `onClick` event handler attached directly to it). Instead, an interactive element should be placed _inside_ of the `ThSort` element.

This is the component that supports the column sorting, and should be used instead of `Hds::Table::Th` if creating a custom implementation.

<Doc::ComponentApi as |C|>

>   <C.Property @name="isSorted" @type="boolean">
>     Set to true upon sort.
>   </C.Property>

Reviewer 2: let's use the standard way to declare a boolean argument
```suggestion
  <C.Property @name="isSorted" @type="boolean" @values={{array "false" "true" }} @default="false">
    Indicates if a column is sorted.
  </C.Property>
```

  <C.Property @name="sortOrder" @type="string" @values={{array "asc" "desc" }} @default="asc">
    Use in conjunction with `sortBy`. If defined, indicates which direction the column should be pre-sorted in. If not defined, `asc` is applied by default.

>   </C.Property>

Reviewer 2: please review this property declaration, is not correct
- "asc" is not the default for the `ThSort`([see here](https://github.com/hashicorp/design-system/blob/main/packages/components/addon/components/hds/table/th-sort.js#L37-L43))
- there's no relation with the `sortBy` (which is a `Table` argument): in this case `sortOrder` simply determines, if provided, the direction of the "sorting" icon and nothing more.

Author: We worked through this in a video call but documenting here for visibility. 
The columns are unsorted by default. If a pre-sort is desired, the author should add `@sortBy` with a value; the column would then be pre-sorted, ascending, by default. However, if the author desires to pre-sort the column in a descending order, they would add the `@sortOrder` as well.

  <C.Property @name="align" @type="enum" @values={{array "left" "center" "right" }} @default="left">

>     If set, determines the column’s text alignment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    If set, determines the cell's text alignment.
```

  </C.Property>

>   <C.Property @name="width" @type="string" @valueNote="Any valid CSS" @default="left">

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  <C.Property @name="width" @type="string" @valueNote="Any valid CSS">
```

    If set, determines the column’s width.
  </C.Property>
  <C.Property @name="onClick" @type="function">

>     The action handler; sets the sort to the column key.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Callback function invoked (if provided) when the element is clicked.
```
